David Kan: Hello.
Heather Regelbrugge: Hi. Yeah. Gotcha.
David Kan: All right, Dr. David can hear.
Heather Regelbrugge: This
Heather Regelbrugge: Record by the community health worker trying to help facilitate this for Cesar
David Kan: Heather. Thank you for helps Cesaro. Nice to meet you.
Heather Regelbrugge: Nice to meet you too.
David Kan: How are you doing today.
Heather Regelbrugge: Very good. Very good, thank you. So
David Kan: I'm doing well.
David Kan: I'm glad we could find. I'm glad we're able to connect
Yeah.
David Kan: So, um, so just by way of introduction. So I'm a psychiatrist addiction psychiatrist and
David Kan: I've been working with bright heart health for a while and I know you've spoken with our care team. And I guess the question is, how can I help you out.
Heather Regelbrugge: Well, basically, I'm just trying to get some Suboxone okay yeah just trying to quit.
David Kan: What are you trying to quit.
Heather Regelbrugge: oxycodone, okay.
David Kan: And tell me about your, tell me about your use of oxy cotton.
Heather Regelbrugge: Pretty bad
When did it start
Heather Regelbrugge: Probably
Heather Regelbrugge: Eight months ago. Okay, and
David Kan: How much oxy cotton, are you taking right now I
Heather Regelbrugge: Have been taking this is I'm trying to get some ops about on hold and then
David Kan: Okay, what what happened with the oxy cotton is just hard to find.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, sometimes it is okay.
David Kan: And on a typical day. How much oxy cotton, are you taking
Heather Regelbrugge: Personally, but I'm taking about 10 to 15 pounds a day.
David Kan: 10 or 15 of the, what do you know it's trying to fill
Heather Regelbrugge: Any movement.
David Kan: 80 milligrams. Okay.
David Kan: 30. Yeah. Gotcha. And when you're when you access the pills. Do you feel it.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: And have you have withdrawal symptoms since. Do you ever have withdrawal symptoms you feel sick. If you can't get the pills.
Yeah.
David Kan: Okay. And when you say you feel sick. Is there were could turn the camera so I could have a better look at you.
Yeah, great.
David Kan: What do you say that you're feeling sick right now. What are you noticing.
Heather Regelbrugge: As sweats.
Heather Regelbrugge: Is cramps. Okay.
David Kan: And how long has it been since you last had any oxy cotton.
Heather Regelbrugge: Four days ago.
David Kan: Four days ago.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay 321. And so what the withdrawal is
David Kan: Getting worse are getting
Heather Regelbrugge: Better way worse. Okay.
David Kan: And secrets sweats, you got cramps stomach cramps.
Heather Regelbrugge: stomach cramps. This completed whole body just taking all their I see
David Kan: How are you sleeping or are you sleeping.
Heather Regelbrugge: No, no.
David Kan: Not sleeping. Okay. And have you had any diary or nausea.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
And
David Kan: Could I have you take off your hat and get your eyes close to the camera because I'd love to see if I can see your peoples.
Yeah.
David Kan: Let's see, Sarah, can put your hand down so I can get a little life inside there.
David Kan: We go oh kind of tough to see
David Kan: Could ask. Let's see here.
David Kan: AND HAVE YOU TRIED, HAVE YOU TRIED stopping oxy cotton before in the past.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yes. Okay.
David Kan: What have you done
Heather Regelbrugge: Well, just trying to stop and just the way that you are okay.
David Kan: How many times have you done that.
You
Heather Regelbrugge: Know some
David Kan: I'm sorry. How many times have you tried stopping oxy cotton.
Heather Regelbrugge: Right. Was it
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
David Kan: And did you have any assistance with stopping before
Heather Regelbrugge: No. No. Okay.
And
David Kan: Besides OxyContin. What about other drug use.
Heather Regelbrugge: Just a smokescreen
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
David Kan: And how long have you been using marijuana
Heather Regelbrugge: How about or using
Heather Regelbrugge: Like a month ago and
David Kan: What effect does marijuana have on you or did it happen, you
Heather Regelbrugge: Just release stress and made me just calm down, basically see okay
David Kan: And with the oxy cotton was happy to get started on it. Was it something prescribed to you.
David Kan: Or was it something that
David Kan: It was an oxy cotton, they started with there was like Percocet.
Or Vikings.
David Kan: Okay. And it sounds like we tried to stop in the past, you haven't worked with the doctor or anything like that.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay, okay.
David Kan: And has oxy cotton cause any problems in your life.
David Kan: Okay, tell me about those problems.
Heather Regelbrugge: Not
Heather Regelbrugge: Me not at the moment. Okay.
David Kan: Now I understand and test them into asking more broadly as far as across any health problems.
Heather Regelbrugge: I mean, I live in a house. So, okay, yeah.
David Kan: Yeah, but as the cost. I'm happy. Let me ask you this. Have you ever overdose and oxy cotton.
Heather Regelbrugge: I have not tapped not okay. This isn't a quick
David Kan: Oh, I see. And have. Are you familiar with naloxone, nor can
Heather Regelbrugge: Yes. Okay.
David Kan: And do you have an arcane kit.
Heather Regelbrugge: No, I don't know.
David Kan: You said something I could prescribe for you.
Heather Regelbrugge: Dr. I can we have them in my office I can give him one okay not to use it.
David Kan: Perfect. Thank you.
David Kan: Because I think that
David Kan: You know by getting on Suboxone what we're gonna do is we're going to suppress the withdrawal symptoms.
David Kan: And at the same time.
David Kan: You know, it may be that you still are around people who use drugs, particularly the opioids and it's safer to have in the lock zone kit with you.
David Kan: And, you know, most people never use it on themselves, but you know if you know other people who are using drugs at risk of overdose. It's good to have it around.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
And
David Kan: So you've been using it for about eight months and can ask you about other drugs because we talked about marijuana. What about alcohol or you
Heather Regelbrugge: Know, really.
Heather Regelbrugge: I like to taste of it.
Heather Regelbrugge: You know,
David Kan: The taste of it. Okay, and what about benzo like Xanax
Heather Regelbrugge: No, that's
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
Heather Regelbrugge: It's not okay.
David Kan: And what about cocaine or methamphetamine.
Heather Regelbrugge: For some for me. Okay.
And
David Kan: As far as. Are there any other drugs that you've tried like ecstasy.
David Kan: Okay, and can ask you some questions about your health.
David Kan: Yeah. Are there any medical problems that you're aware of
David Kan: High blood pressure, high cholesterol.
David Kan: And heart problems, and when you take the oxy cotton. How do you take them.
Heather Regelbrugge: As you smoke them. Okay.
David Kan: Have you ever injected a drug before
Heather Regelbrugge: No, no, that's good.
David Kan: No, that's, that's fine. Now I just have to ask because a lot of the reasons that I ask is that just, you know, there may be other health issues that come with it.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
David Kan: And have you ever been tested for things like HIV and hepatitis C.
David Kan: And
David Kan: As far as
David Kan: Have you ever had any psychiatric issues such as like depression, there were
Heather Regelbrugge: Maybe
David Kan: You know what, what's it like for you when it happens, but
Heather Regelbrugge: Like feeling
Heather Regelbrugge: Bad things, you know, okay.
David Kan: And those bad things.
David Kan: When you will let me ask you, when you have these episodes. How long do they last
Heather Regelbrugge: Days days.
David Kan: To the MLS up to a month at a time.
David Kan: No. No. Okay. And during those episodes. Do you notice the you have problems with sleeping, eating.
David Kan: Eating too much or too little. Yeah.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay, and
David Kan: Does your appetite change like you lose your appetite or you feel like eating everything in sight.
Yeah.
Heather Regelbrugge: One day without eating potatoes. Well, okay. Yeah, and
David Kan: Are. Do you have difficulty concentrating are focusing during those periods of time.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, actually did and
David Kan: How's your energy level during those times.
Heather Regelbrugge: Hmm.
David Kan: Well, okay. Do you have difficulty enjoying things
Yeah.
David Kan: And has it ever gotten so bad to the point where he felt like he had thoughts like life isn't worth living, or if I didn't wake up tomorrow. That'd be okay.
Heather Regelbrugge: No.
David Kan: Okay. And have you ever had a suicide attempt before
Heather Regelbrugge: No. No. Okay. And
David Kan: Can ask you about your family.
Heather Regelbrugge: And yeah.
David Kan: Are there any medical problems. I wonder your family.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
David Kan: What kind of medical problems.
Heather Regelbrugge: Oh, my sister. She is a little bit seizures. Okay. Yeah.
Heather Regelbrugge: Her kidneys on so
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: And you know if there's any mental health issues within the family like depression.
Heather Regelbrugge: Anxiety. Okay. And if I could ask you
David Kan: Have your moments in your life where you have it there have been periods in your life where you felt the opposite of depressed really high, full of energy feeling like you're on top of the world.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: How long does periods last
Heather Regelbrugge: Another long
David Kan: Not very long meeting hours, minutes days or
David Kan: Hours hours. Okay.
David Kan: And during those periods of times. Do you find yourself doing things that you later regret.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
David Kan: What kind of things.
David Kan: That's okay yeah that look, I'm glad you're able to set limits around what you do want to do or do not want to talk about. That's perfectly fine.
David Kan: And understand that this is, you know, I'm the first doctor who you're talking to. And I'm covering for another doc. So I probably, probably won't be seeing me again. You may. I don't know, but I'm just
Heather Regelbrugge: You know,
David Kan: wanted to let you know that or just want to get you started with this process.
David Kan: And
David Kan: Are you taking any medications currently
Heather Regelbrugge: No. No. Okay.
David Kan: And have you ever tried heroin before
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
And
David Kan: Let's see here.
David Kan: And are there. Are you allergic day medications.
Heather Regelbrugge: No, I'm not.
David Kan: Okay, and you said you live on your low you'd live by yourself right now.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: Dr. Are you working
Oh, yes.
David Kan: What kind of work do you do
Heather Regelbrugge: under construction. Okay.
David Kan: And is that still going right now with all the all the virus stuff going
Heather Regelbrugge: On. No, no, no. Okay.
David Kan: Did you get laid off or is it just the
Heather Regelbrugge: Last night I got laid off a little bit.
David Kan: I'm sorry to hear that.
David Kan: How long you been working in construction.
Heather Regelbrugge: For about a year and a half, okay.
David Kan: And did you ever get injured on the job or anything like that.
Heather Regelbrugge: No, I haven't. Okay, what kind of construction.
David Kan: You do.
Heather Regelbrugge: She can make houses. Okay. Oh yeah, I see and
David Kan: Are you in a relationship right now.
Heather Regelbrugge: No. No. Okay.
David Kan: And your housing situation is it stable at this moment in time.
David Kan: Okay, and
David Kan: As far as
David Kan: Have you ever had surgery before
Heather Regelbrugge: No, I haven't. Okay.
David Kan: Remember earlier, we're talking a little bit about mood, like there's some times where you don't feel so good and other times where you feel good. Are there things that sort of influence your mood.
Heather Regelbrugge: Not really.
Okay.
David Kan: And how would you describe your mood in the last month.
Heather Regelbrugge: Pretty bad
Heather Regelbrugge: I bad let everyone
Heather Regelbrugge: Know it isn't.
David Kan: And have your friends and family noticed that you've been feeling down. Yeah.
David Kan: Okay. And let me ask you this, and you may not know the answer this. How much does drug use affect your parents.
Heather Regelbrugge: Wouldn't my wedding.
So,
David Kan: Yeah, because one thing I know about opioids, is that I've been working I ran a methadone program for 11 years and I've been using buprenorphine since 2006 so
David Kan: One of the things I know about opioids, is that when you have access to them that typically people get energy from the opioids, they feel great, they can get their day done
David Kan: When they can't access them. They feel down depressed, so
David Kan: It can have an impact. And I'm not saying that it's only because of the opioids budget could be an important factor in things
Heather Regelbrugge: Not so interesting when you have the jug. You can just get the day right
David Kan: And with the dumper so you're taking anywhere from 10 to 20 pills, whatever you can get your hands on. I'm guessing.
David Kan: And does it take more to have same effect nowadays.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, it does. Okay, and
David Kan: The withdrawal symptoms, how it's been four days since the last took oxy cotton, when does the withdrawal symptoms start to kick in for you.
Heather Regelbrugge: Like literally, eight hours after stop. Gotcha.
David Kan: And I know you don't want to talk about health problems. But in general, has it cause health problems. So you're aware of
Major. Okay.
David Kan: But it may have had some impact upon your moods.
Heather Regelbrugge: As best as you can tell.
Gotcha. Okay, and
David Kan: You find yourself worrying excessively
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah do
David Kan: What kind of things to worry about.
Family
Heather Regelbrugge: Family
Heather Regelbrugge: Family. Okay.
David Kan: And are you helping to take care of your family.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, okay.
And
David Kan: Have you ever had a panic attack before
David Kan: Okay, and to worry about your family, how long's happen.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
And
David Kan: Have you and it sounds like this is something you want it, it sounds like there's a couple of reasons. You want to get help. You don't want to do this anymore. You've had a couple of friends overdose and it's something they want to want help with stopping
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: Well, I think I can help you with that and
David Kan: Because, has anybody explain to you what bright heart health is
Heather Regelbrugge: No, no. Okay, well,
David Kan: Maybe I could. Is it okay if I give you a couple of minutes about
Heather Regelbrugge: What what is what the
David Kan: Program is. Yeah.
David Kan: Yeah, so
David Kan: So bright heart house were a telemedicine company, you know, we connect like this and this is how you'll continue to connect with us.
David Kan: And think of us. It's like an addiction treatment program. But the nice thing about since we're telemedicine is. It's good. It's easy as they confidential. You know, you're not. It's not like you're coming in with people from the community.
Heather Regelbrugge: And then
David Kan: There may be some people in the community within
David Kan: The groups that you're in. But generally speaking, we, we really think that confidentiality is important and
David Kan: When it comes to program itself. There's, there's two pieces to it. One piece of the medical piece that we're doing right now. I'm a doctor. I'm going to work with your own medications.
David Kan: But there's also a second piece around counseling, so you'll be assigned it individual counselor. Have you ever been to see a therapist before. No.
Okay.
David Kan: Yeah, typically what the counseling is is that the counseling is targeted specifically towards you, meaning that we want to help you with the problems that you're experiencing inside your life. Obviously, one pieces stopping the drug use, but the other piece of it too is
David Kan: The other piece of it too is talking about other issues that for you that have you concerned. And so when it comes to counseling, we want to really target the things that really make a difference to you.
David Kan: And so you'll have an individual counselor and when it comes to medications, typically what we do in the beginning is that we start with a week of medications at a time.
David Kan: And then with that we could medications as he stabilized in the program, we can start to extend the length out of the prescriptions, if that makes sense.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
And
David Kan: And then of course the care coordinators will talk to you about different ways that we do that but just want to say that it's more than just medications. We have a counseling component as well. And the counseling component
David Kan: What I asked for us, you know, participating counseling for a month. And if you find that it's helpful. Great. That's wonderful. But if it isn't helpful for you that we don't have to do as much of it if it's not working for you. That makes sense.
David Kan: And have you ever taken Suboxone before
David Kan: Now,
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay, Susan. Okay.
David Kan: And do you know anybody who's ever gotten on Suboxone
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
David Kan: Yeah. What did they tell you
Heather Regelbrugge: And so they don't feel as bad as the concentration, do the work. Right.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah, cuz
David Kan: So Suboxone if I could explain them is okay if I explain the medication, what it does.
David Kan: Yeah, yeah. So Suboxone is actually a combination of two medications. It's a medication called buprenorphine and a medication calm the locks.
David Kan: So it's a combination of two medications and when you take Suboxone the way you take Suboxone the end of the pills or the strips is you put it under your tongue and let it dissolve.
David Kan: And once the medication is fully dissolved, then it's inside your system and with the saliva. You can swallow it. If you want to be can also split this live out
David Kan: Because people who swallow the saliva get can have constipated, a bit more constipation than the people who spit it out. But once the medications dissolved. It's in your system.
David Kan: And the way the medication works is, what it does is it's an opioid just like the oxy cotton is. But the challenge with oxy cotton is that, you know, you take the first dose. You feel it starts coming down, you take another dose and so you're on this, you know, it's like a ship on the waves.
David Kan: Yeah, whereas if you're taking the Suboxone what happens, it turns on the opioid
David Kan: Tone, but it holds it steady for really long time. And what we do into the end product of it, is it suppresses withdraw it reduces the temptation to use drugs and if you use oxy cotton on top of it. You don't get sick, what happens is you don't feel the oxy cotton.
David Kan: At the same time, you're feeling much, you know, when we talked about issues with your mood. I suspect that the oxycodone Suboxone will be much more steady
David Kan: The other interesting thing about Suboxone is that
David Kan: It has the anti depressant effects and we know the opioids have anti depressant effects, but the Suboxone has more anti depressant effects of the opioids.
David Kan: And when it comes to how to dose it. It's been four days since your last oxy cotton dose. So it's probably safe to start today and what I'll do is I'll send the prescription over to your pharmacy so that you can pick it up hopefully today.
David Kan: And
David Kan: As far as the first dose that I would recommend. So what I'm going to do some I ordered the eight to eight milligram strips.
David Kan: And then recommend that you start with half a strip under your tongue and let it dissolve and then wait an hour. See how you feel. And here's it's this is this piece important
David Kan: If you take the medication you feel sicker. Stop. Whereas if you take the medication feel better after an hour, you can take another dose.
David Kan: And then after that you can take another dose after another hour, and yet another dose. So you can take up to a total of 16 milligrams in the first day.
David Kan: Because my goal is to get you comfortable
Heather Regelbrugge: As quickly as we can.
David Kan: And as far as the side effects of the medication. It does have some potential for side effects. The biggest one. I told you about, which is constipation.
David Kan: And if that happens, we can recommend some medications to help you with constipation. But there's some things you can do, such as, you know, make sure you drink lots of water.
Heather Regelbrugge: You know,
David Kan: Get try to get some fiber inside your food. That's the first and foremost thing.
David Kan: It can also have some impacts upon it can medication can make you sleepy, although with the oxy cotton in the background. I don't think that's going to happen.
David Kan: And very rarely people are allergic to either the naloxone or the morphine, but that's I I've yet to see that. But it's been told it's it's happened before. So it's something that should let you know about
David Kan: And as far as how long we do the medication.
David Kan: You know, I tend to think of the medication is a longer term treatment and I don't want to say for the rest of your life because I don't know that.
David Kan: But I think the main thing is that we want to get you stabilized. So, till you feel like the pills are no longer an issue and the time to come off the medication was when it feels like everything, your life is kind of moving in the right direction, if that makes sense.
Yeah.
David Kan: And
David Kan: But I think getting the medication soundboard makes a lot of sense right now and I'm happy to order it for you. Do we, I'm sorry. I have another screen here. So I'm going to look up if that's okay with you.
David Kan: Do we know what your
David Kan: Which which pharmacy. Are you at
Heather Regelbrugge: A pharmacy.
David Kan: Let me just get that in there.
David Kan: I can hear you sniffling
Heather Regelbrugge: Hard to sit still. Yeah, yeah, it's okay.
David Kan: Let's see.
milligram film.
David Kan: Sorry, bear with me as I put all the sun.
David Kan: And I'm sorry. You said it was arena pharmacy.
David Kan: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: And
David Kan: Let's see here.
David Kan: Yeah. And do you have Medicaid or medical
David Kan: Yeah, okay.
David Kan: Yeah, medical should cover the whole cost of the medication.
David Kan: So if they say that there's a copay ask them to send it through medical first and medical should cover the entire cost of things.
David Kan: And
David Kan: So, I mean, if I could summarize it sounds like you know oxy cotton kind of showed up and it's something they didn't expect to get dependent upon and what's happened is that over time. The OxyContin doses increased its constant problems in your life and you've tried to quit. But you couldn't
David Kan: You've been lucky they have an overdose. But it sounds like you, you know, you become tolerant to the drug. And you also have withdrawal. When you stop and it's something you've been thinking about trying to do for a while. And I'm really glad we got connected today.
David Kan: Yeah, and from a medical standpoint, it sounds like medically speaking, you're otherwise generally pretty healthy, you don't have any major medical problems you're aware of
David Kan: And from a psychiatric standpoint as far as your mood goes you know it's probably too early to determine. Look, I'm a psychiatrist, but I don't think you need antidepressants. I think we need to get this
David Kan: Issue with the pills as what under control first before you can make a determination as to what's going on.
David Kan: And I know they'll train you on the log, you'll get a no oxygen get trained on it at the clinic right now.
Heather Regelbrugge: Were there.
David Kan: And were there.
David Kan: Did I cover everything or were there other issues that you needed help with
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
David Kan: Well, I'm glad I think you're making a really good decision and get started on treatment and again when it comes to dosing the medication. Start with a half a strip and the one thing I would say about these trips is they're usually pretty easy to cut up
David Kan: And the main thing is you keep them dry because if you get them what the strips there. I don't know if if you're trying to Listerine strips.
David Kan: Yeah, yeah. They're kind of like that.
David Kan: And there's two places you can put you can put it underneath your tongue.
David Kan: There, or you can actually stick it in between your gum in your cheek both places work.
David Kan: And
David Kan: Once the medications dissolve. It's in you because what it does is it dissolves through like a it dissolves through or it gets absorbed in your mouth.
David Kan: And as far as using oxy cotton on top. I don't recommend it. But at the same time. If you do, it's something that I understand. Look, it's part of the process.
David Kan: And it would be great if this is what sticks permanently. But at the same time, if you do use oxy cotton we run what we call a harm reduction program. So we'll never get on your case about use it because in my view.
David Kan: If you're still using. To me, that's a sign that maybe the medications aren't at a high dose. We don't kick people out of the program for using because if you're still using its means that the illness has not been fully treated yet.
Heather Regelbrugge: That makes sense. Yeah.
David Kan: And so in the end we tried to get people on the treatment.
David Kan: Get people on the treatment and get them stabilized and then when it comes to coming off the medication. We can figure that out later.
David Kan: One thing I should say, though, is that one thing I forgot to mention is the medication you become physically dependent upon that medication as well, although you're already physically dependent
David Kan: Meaning that if you stop the medication. Suddenly, you could have some withdrawal symptoms, but they're not nearly as bad as oxy cotton.
David Kan: And
David Kan: I heard some sniffling. It sounds like you're getting cramping and it looks like it's kind of look I get a sense you're a little bit restless kind of hard to sit still. Huh.
David Kan: Yeah okay well I'm going to order the medication for you to send to your pharmacy and then somebody from the team will be in touch with you.
David Kan: To figure out what the next step is because the next thing is that if there's any problems with medication call us you know either. You can't get it you taken it something strange happens you give us a call and they'll get back to me.
David Kan: And I can give you advice.
David Kan: But at the same time, if everything goes well, then everything goes well, and I would say take up to two strips a day. But if you find like it's not holding you just please let us know.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay.
David Kan: Any questions that you had for me.
Heather Regelbrugge: Know you pretty much covered it all. Okay.
David Kan: We'll say, sir, I can grab you know good I think you're making a healthy a great decision for your house and we're here to support you through that. I'll send the medication in for you right now and again if there's any questions or issues, feel free to give us a call.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay, okay.
Heather Regelbrugge: Well, good. Thank you. Sounds good.
David Kan: Um, do I need to talk to Heather about anything.
Heather Regelbrugge: No, I just have a quick, just a quick
Heather Regelbrugge: Yesterday, they sent me the orders for his blood work. So I'm not a clinic. I'm at where I'm a community health worker, but I'm just trying to coordinate says I was care. So I'm going to
Heather Regelbrugge: Try it's difficult times to get him that blood work done, even though he he's pretty fearful of needles. So he's not
Heather Regelbrugge: Going to be hard on two aspects is to get him to go one and two, to actually get him into our little putting the, what kind of timeline, do I have in order to get that blood work done.
David Kan: Um, we prefer to get that sooner rather than later, because we make, we can make some decisions based upon that. But if there's concerns say sorry let me ask you, is that the pain or the idea of needles that troubles you
Heather Regelbrugge: Uh, I mean, it doesn't matter. I
Heather Regelbrugge: Just
Heather Regelbrugge: Know,
David Kan: Okay. All right. Well, because if it's paying I can give you a patch, so you can put over your arm that stops the pain from the needle, if that's something that you'd like. That's fine. Okay. All right.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay that's good to know. So, so now I just have to overcome the clinic. So, that's okay. That's, that's, I'll do it.
David Kan: Yeah.
David Kan: I think, Susan, or what I'd recommend is look away dilemma. Let me ask you this question says, Are you pass out needles.
Heather Regelbrugge: Nada.
David Kan: You don't pass out. Okay. Yeah, because there's a thing called a blood on the needle phobia instilling phobia, where people actually pass out from
David Kan: I think the main thing is that asked if it's that they've had a lot of experience most labs have a lot of experience with people reluctant to give drop blood and asked him if you can put in your headphones turn away. Don't even look at it.
David Kan: Just, you know, kind of breathing, you know, be someplace mentally be someplace else.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yeah.
David Kan: Find a good video on YouTube or something like that.
Heather Regelbrugge: Okay, okay. Alright, so I'm trying to set that up for him at the clinic.
Heather Regelbrugge: Yep, probably, it probably get done within the next week.
David Kan: Yeah, that's fine.
David Kan: Okay, okay.
David Kan: Sounds good.
David Kan: All right, I'll put some the medication for you right now.
David Kan: All right, take care, sir.
David Kan: It's a pleasure meeting you.
Aren't finer
Heather Regelbrugge: I cool. Yeah.
David Kan: Feel free to
David Kan: See, Dr. David con so Cesaro Mr Cervantes is an 18 year old male with an eight month history of opioid use disorder.
David Kan: Even though it does not meet the statutory criteria. He said, significant risk, as evidenced by escalating RATES OF OXYCONTIN. Moreover, the oxy cotton pills are likely contaminated with fentanyl
David Kan: The patient is a good candidate for medication assisted treatment to reduce the risk of relapse detoxification would be risky at this time because he would lose his tolerance and should he returned to drugs is risk of overdose is elevated
David Kan: The patient has been will be provided overdose education and the locks and distribution shin at the clinic that he's located at
David Kan: The risks, benefits and alternatives to treatment were discussed with the patient and the agrees to begin treatment buprenorphine opportunities, the patient has offered opportunities to ask questions about the course of treatment as well as the structure of the program.
David Kan: The patient will start with four milligram sublingual q one hour to for total does not to exceed 16 milligrams. The patient was given the instructions on how to take the medication.
David Kan: The medication will be electronically prescribed to his pharmacy right heart health will further follow up with the patient in order to
David Kan: In order to engage in in psychosocial support as well as counseling and that's it. Thanks so much.